README.md, before:

# lucky
site with bootstrap, jQuery

CAROUSEL:
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/carousel/

TOOLTIP:
https://iamceege.github.io/tooltipster/

TIMELINE:
https://github.com/ilkeryilmaz/timelinejs

EFFECTS:
https://jqueryui.com/effect/

TEXT WAVE:
https://www.jqueryscript.net/animation/Text-Wave-Effect-jQuery.html

DATEPICKER:
https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/forms/date-picker/

DATA TABLES:
https://datatables.net
    - https://datatables.net/blog/2017-03-31
    - https://datatables.net/reference/api/row().child()
    - https://datatables.net/forums/discussion/48428
    - https://legacy.datatables.net/
    - https://datatables.net/blog/

PRELOADER:
https://dwstroy.ru/video/js-jquery/preloader-progress-bar-js/
    - add to any page.js - ... $.getScript("dist/includes/js/mypreloader.js"...

EFFECT ON PAGE:
    - https://trionndesign.com/

MDB:
    - https://mdbootstrap.com
    - https://jsfiddle.net/danypd69/3upzca6t/

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
IMAGES FOLDES:
    - [EVENTS]:
      - Title image to home-CAROUSEL: one image width name as [events.json-data-runId (e.g. 20180930.jpg)]
        Desirable Ratio=1.3333333 (for example size: 1280*960, 1040*780)
      - images folder (same name (e.g. 20180930) with files XXX.jpg (numbering from one) for CAROUSEL
        Desirable Ratio=1.3333333 (for example size: 1280*960, 1040*780)

    - [FLAGS]:
      - images - countries flags for languages

Commit message:

add AJAX to headmenu + change README.md
DONE:
- add AJAX to `HEADMENU`
- add few rules for create images&folders (see README.md)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
NEXT GOALS:
- page `ATHLET:id` - edit dataTables
- page `ATHLET:id` - add language
- page `HOME` - add language
- page `EVENTS` - add language
- page `ATHLETES` - add language
- page `CONVERTING` - add language

- tooltip doesn't work in mobile

-  when `ATHLET:id` is active - menu `ATHLETES` must be green
- `ATHLETES` - download not all images. Some images download after click
- `EVENTS` - download not all images. Some images download after click

- add page `EVENT:id`
- when `EVENT:id` is active - menu `EVENTES` must be green
- page `EVENT:id` - add dataTables

-`HOME` - add running blocks with donuts and data

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
in FUTURE:
- add page `AWARDS`
- add page `GALLERY` with all photos

README.md, after:

# lucky
site with bootstrap, jQuery

CAROUSEL:
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/carousel/

TOOLTIP:
https://iamceege.github.io/tooltipster/

TIMELINE:
https://github.com/ilkeryilmaz/timelinejs

EFFECTS:
https://jqueryui.com/effect/

TEXT WAVE:
https://www.jqueryscript.net/animation/Text-Wave-Effect-jQuery.html

DATEPICKER:
https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/forms/date-picker/

DATA TABLES:
https://datatables.net
    - https://datatables.net/blog/2017-03-31
    - https://datatables.net/reference/api/row().child()
    - https://datatables.net/forums/discussion/48428
    - https://legacy.datatables.net/
    - https://datatables.net/blog/

PRELOADER:
https://dwstroy.ru/video/js-jquery/preloader-progress-bar-js/
    - add to any page.js - ... $.getScript("dist/includes/js/mypreloader.js"...

EFFECT ON PAGE:
    - https://trionndesign.com/

MDB:
    - https://mdbootstrap.com
    - https://jsfiddle.net/danypd69/3upzca6t/

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
FOLDES with IMAGES:
    - [EVENTS]:
      - Title image to home-CAROUSEL: one image width name as [events.json-data-runId (e.g. 20180930.jpg)]
        Desirable Ratio=1.3333333 (for example size: 1280*960, 1040*780)
      - images folder (same name (e.g. 20180930) with files XXX.jpg (numbering from one) for CAROUSEL
        Desirable Ratio=1.3333333 (for example size: 1280*960, 1040*780)

    - [FLAGS]:
      - images - countries flags for languages

    - [HELP]:
      - images for tooltips

    - [LOGO]:
      - logo-images for ACCORDION on `HOME`-page
        Desirable size is 171px * 171px

    - [LOGOEVENTS]:
      - logo-images for `EVENTS`-page
        Desirable size is 610px * 239px

    - [LOGOEVENTS]:
      - logo-images for `EVENTS`-page
        name format - e.g. 20180930.png
        Desirable size is 610px * 239px

    - [MEMBERS]:
      - logo-images for `EVENTS`-page
        name format - e.g. XXX.jpg (numbering from one)
        Desirable ratio = 0.75 (Desirable size is 960px * 1280px)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
